Dr. Eisenhower´s last diary entry: 
We write the date 21st of may in 2073. Today it is succeded. I will obtain the final prove of the existence of the devil in our universe. And more shocking, I think 
the devil is able to participate in the humans world. I have to find out whether this can be possible or not. Therefore I use my time-space-decoder to breaks space-time continuum and to open my mind a gate to the devils world. Finally I have only a view questions: Are we all obsessed by demons? Do we have an own will? These are mylast words. I conduct the experiment now.


"Hello colleagues, 
you all know the reason for our conference. Today is the day of change, the inception of a new age, stygmatized by knowledge, nobody received before. I proudly present my time-space-decoder. In a view minutes I will tell you about a secret of live. A secret, that has been never brought to light before. The secret of the world after death."

Dr. Eisenhower floats to the time-space-decoder, sits down and puts on the helmed. "Please turn it on. The new age is coming." At the moment the assistent turns on the decoder an extremely bright flash follwed by earsplitting bang appears. An wave of pressed air throws down the audience and Dr Eisenhower lies on the ground with an twisted neck.

In the hell:

Dr Eisenhower was nervous, when the decoder started. But suddenly the only feeling was pain that was so strong he couldn´t never imagine. After that he felt nothing. He observed his body traveling through infinite darkness for such long time that his feeling for space, time and his consciousness vanished. His mind fell in a kind of sleep, until a raw voice woke him up. "Huh, an earthling that i didn´t expected. How can that happen? Explain it to me!" Dr Eisenhower: "I´m a scientist that explored a way to step into the hell. So, are you devil? Did my work succed?" Devil : "Hahaha...Are you stupid? Did You throw your life away to go to hell?" Dr Eisenhower: "I´m dead?" Satan: "Yes, you are and there is no way to get back to life. So you´re my slave now!" A whip appears in the devils hand, flips in direction of Dr Eisenhowers waist and fails him despite he is shocked and paralyzed. The devil repeats it a view times. But Dr. Eisenhower didn´t suffer any damage. The Devil roars: "What´s wrong with you? I give you a choice. I can bring you back to earth, but i will spell a curse that makes you destroy your research. Or you stay alone without any human soul in the hell for all times. Do you want to keep your hard work alive and everybody will remember you? Or will you go back to earth and destroy what you have done your whole life?" 
